dm in cloud: add billing for dm in cloud (#11650)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing-dm.md

The Data Migration job measures incremental data migration performance in rows/s. This unit indicates the number of rows that are migrated to the target database per second. For example, if the upstream database executes `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, or `DELETE` statements of 10,000 rows in about 1 second, the Data Migration job of the corresponding specification can replicate the 10,000 rows to the downstream in about 1 second.

## Price

The following table lists the price of TiDB Cloud for each Data Migration RCU:

| Cloud provider | Region                      | RCU price ($/hr) |
|----------------|-----------------------------|------------------|
| AWS            | Oregon (us-west-2)          |          $0.1307 |
| AWS            | N. Virginia (us-east-1)     |          $0.1307 |
| AWS            | Mumbai (ap-south-1)         |          $0.1393 |
| AWS            | Singapore (ap-southeast-1)  |          $0.1623 |
| AWS            | Tokyo (ap-northeast-1)      |          $0.1669 |
| AWS            | Frankfurt (eu-central-1)    |          $0.1564 |

The Data Migration job is in the same region as the target TiDB cluster.

> Note that if you are using private endpoint or VPC peering connections, and if the source database and the TiDB cluster are not in the same region or not in the same availability zone (AZ), two additional traffic charges will be incurred: cross-region and cross-AZ traffic charges.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if you are using AWS PrivateLink or VPC peering connections, and if the source database and the TiDB cluster are not in the same region or not in the same availability zone (AZ), two additional traffic charges will be incurred: cross-region and cross-AZ traffic charges.
```
